[Doc] [Jobs] Add `ray dashboard` docs to jobs doc (#22222)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/job-submission.rst

    5
    2.26.0

Using the CLI on a remote cluster
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The example above was for a local Ray cluster.  When connecting to a `remote` cluster, you will need to set up port forwarding from ``127.0.0.1:8265`` on your local machine to ``127.0.0.1:8265`` on the head node in order for your local CLI commands to go through.
> 
> If you started your remote cluster with the :ref:`Ray Cluster Launcher <ref-cluster-quick-start>`, then the port forwarding can be set up automatically using the ``ray dashboard`` command (see :ref:`monitor-cluster` for details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example above was for a local Ray cluster.  When connecting to a `remote` cluster, you need to be able to access the dashboard port of the cluster over HTTP.

One way to do this is to port forward ``127.0.0.1:8265`` on your local machine to ``127.0.0.1:8265`` on the head node. If you started your remote cluster with the :ref:`Ray Cluster Launcher <ref-cluster-quick-start>`, then the port forwarding can be set up automatically using the ``ray dashboard`` command (see :ref:`monitor-cluster` for details).
```
